# Swift_Programming
This is just a bunch of random stuff I am playing around with as I pick up the Swift programming language. I am using Swift in Linux, but it should work in both Mac and Linux, ... maybe.
The "test2" file is an executable that can be run in the terminal, maybe command prompt for Win users, by typing cd test2 in the terminal followed by typing  .build/debug/test2 where the executable is located. It should print "Jason rocks!" in the terminal. I know. This is lame, but I am just playing around with learning how to create libraries and executables with Swift, which I am finding Swift to be a fun language, even though I cannot do as much with it in Linux as I can in Mac with XCode. It is a prerequisite to have Swift installed to run Swift executables. If you do not have Swift installed on Linux that is Debian based, I suggest visiting https://linuxhint.com/install-swift-debian/ before trying this executable on Linux. I haven't tested this on Mac, so I have no idea whether it will work, even though it should because Swift is a Mac programming language.
I am still exploring how the package manager works and how I can trim this down, but, for now, I am giving the whole shebang here for my executable demo.
# Update
I added a <strong>Blackjack game</strong> that runs in the terminal. To be honest, I found a project for XCode that was a giant heap of files that I couldn't get to work in the terminal on Linux or XCode on a Mac and brought it down to one file in whcih it works now in the Linux terminal. I am still learning, but this was fun just playing with the code to make it work and want to share the fun I had. With the file Blackjack.swift in some folder of your choosing, type in the terminal the location and <em>swift Blackjack.swift</em> to play.
